[SIEMINT-83] DDSaaS: GoDaddy: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#18351)
DataDog/integrations-core: godaddy/README.md

# GoDaddy

## Overview

> GoDaddy is a prominent web hosting and domain registration company that provides a variety of services to help individuals and businesses establish their online presence. A notable aspect of GoDaddy product lineup is their SSL certificate services. GoDaddy offers a range of SSL certificate options to suit different needs, including standard SSL for securing one site, Wildcard SSL for securing multiple subdomains, and more advanced solutions for ecommerce sites requiring the highest level of security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GoDaddy is a web hosting and domain registration company that helps individuals and businesses establish their online presence. One of their key offerings is SSL certificate services. GoDaddy provides several types of SSL certificates, including Standard SSL for securing one site, Wildcard SSL for securing multiple subdomains, and advanced solutions for ecommerce sites requiring enhanced security.
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

> The GoDaddy integration seamlessly collects metrics from SSL certificates and their domains, directing them into Datadog for analysis. This integration provides insights including total certificates, issued certificates, expired certificates, revoked certificates, count of domains associated with each certificate. It features statistics for certificates that are about to expire along with many additional metrics, all accessible through out-of-the-box dashboards and monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GoDaddy integration collects metrics from SSL certificates and their domains, directing them into Datadog for analysis. This integration provides data points such as the total number of certificates, issued certificates, expired certificates, revoked certificates, and domains associated with each certificate. It also includes specific metrics for certificates nearing expiration. All these metrics are accessible through out-of-the-box dashboards and monitors.
```

## Setup

> ### Get API Credentials from GoDaddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get API credentials from GoDaddy
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

> #### GoDaddy API KEY and API Secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Find your GoDaddy API key and API secret
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

> - Go to [GoDaddy Developer Portal][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the [GoDaddy Developer Portal][1].
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

- Sign in with your GoDaddy account.

> - Select "API Keys".
> - Choose "Create New API Key".
> - Provide a name for your API.
> - Select "Production" under Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select "API Keys."
- Choose "Create New API Key."
- Provide a name for your API.
- Select "Production" under Environment.
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

> - Click "Next".
> - Your API Key is now created.
> - Copy these credentials for the subsequent configuration steps.
> - Ensure these credentials are stored securely and not exposed in public repositories or insecure locations.
> - After preserving your API Key and Secret in a separate document, click on "Got It".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click "Next." Your API Key is now created.
- Copy these credentials for the following configuration steps. Ensure they are stored securely and not exposed in public repositories or insecure locations.
- After storing your API Key and Secret, click on "Got It."
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

> #### GoDaddy Customer Number (ShopperID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Find your GoDaddy customer number
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

- Go to your GoDaddy [Login & PIN page][2]. You might be prompted to sign in.

> - Under Login Info, find your Customer number(ShopperId).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under **Login Info**, find your **Customer number** (also known as your **shopper ID**).
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion

- Go to your GoDaddy [Login & PIN page][2]. You might be prompted to sign in.
- Under Login Info, find your Customer number(ShopperId).

### GoDaddy Datadog Integration Configuration

Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward GoDaddy metrics to Datadog.

1. Navigate to `GoDaddy`.
2. Add your GoDaddy credentials.

### Validation

> !!! Add steps to validate integration is functioning as expected !!!

Reviewer: I'm not sure the table below adds much value? The "parameter" and "description" are almost identical on each line, so maybe we can get rid of this altogether?

Author: removed the table and directly added the parameter.

> | GoDaddy Parameters               | Description                            |
> |----------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
> | GoDaddy API key                  | The API key of GoDaddy.                |
> | GoDaddy Secret Key               | The Secret Key of GoDaddy              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GoDaddy parameters               | Description                            |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| GoDaddy API key                  | The API key of GoDaddy.                |
| GoDaddy secret key               | The secret key of GoDaddy              |
```

> | GoDaddy Customer Number          | The GoDaddy Customer Number(ShopperId) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GoDaddy customer number          | The GoDaddy customer number (or shopper ID) |
```

Author: Updated as per your suggestion
